All right here we are in chessboards cell color so we're taken two strings.
Sell one and sell two.
And what we're expecting here is to find out if they are in fact on the same color so a 1 and c 3 are
going to be brown and Brown I guess.
And then A-one in age 3.
So I would return true and then a one and three would be false right because ones white ones Brown.
So let's go ahead and jump right into it.
The only concern I have for you really are that I use parsing in my solution.
Now if you watch one of my earlier ones where we had a chess board based problem we're going to start
in a similar fashion where I'm going to create my board object and this is going to contain the letters
and their respective number because we can use a number for each letter to do a little bit of math to
figure out if a 1 and c 3 are in fact on the set on the same color.
And so we're to do that.
It goes all the way to age so see
the leaf.
If that will be six G 6:48.
Go ahead and make a colon and H that will be 8.
All right.
So we've creator for now what we're going to do is we're going to find out the the total value for a
current board and we're going to compare that with we're getting a pair our cells together and so we're
to say what is the index 0.
If we treat them like a character right character want a character too when we say a one way is that
equal to it's two and then we're going to we're going to say are these when we mod them by two equal
and if in fact they are.
Meaning that once we get the values that they're both even or both odd they will in fact be on the same
color on the board.
So let's just go ahead and do that.
So rinse critic costs here and I just call it total 1.
This is a really bad name I encourage you to have much better names and we're going to say the board
and I say sell one which is the first index is 0.
Now we created this board to get this value here.
Now we're going to plus parse and we're going to parse the amp because it's going to be a string of
five index that we're getting.
We're giving the one the character one of this string.
You say you want to look at it and one like so.
So that's going to be our first value and then we're going to create total two which is going to really
be sell to sell to total might have been a better name septal one told to.
I don't like those those names at all and we will worry about naming conventions over time.
So sell sell too.
And we're going to do the same exact thing here.
And except now we're going to parse and sell to on the one index.
All right.
Now that we have each one on their respective totals all we have to do is return to find out if they're
both even or they're both odd.
And so you do total one to one Angelo two is exactly equal to total two modulo two.
And if that's the case then they both are on even tiles or they're both on odd times.
Thus it is thus it is the correct color.
I don't really like this Montu logic in here.
Now I look at it.
So I think I'm going to take some of that logic out here.
I'm going to wrap that in it's own thing.
I don't put my two and I'm a do the same thing here on total two and I'm going to mod to it.
And now I'm just going to go ahead and delete that and go ahead and delete that.
It's the same exact thing.
I think this reads better personally in my opinion.
So there we go up cleaned up a little bit.
That's pretty much it.